                The Vortex – Aimless Thoughts
When we think about the arbitrary thoughts that run about in our mind during absolutely random hours of the day , there is no exact context or level of relatability to what is actually happening around us at the moment . Moreover, we don’t actually process what we think about when we have nothing to do . 

Sitting in a fast-moving train on the Great Western Railways , heading from Bridgwater to London , just a few months ago , looking out of the window at the seemingly racing landscape outside , recorded below are some of my thoughts about the world we live in .

My father asked me a question abruptly in the middle of our 2 hour long train journey . My mother and sister were sitting in the two seats front , playing some games . I’ll be honest , I was always the troublesome child in our family, quick tongue and a bad temper . Generally , my parents had to keep me distracted and ended up asking me lots of questions that kept me thinking for long stretches of time . 

On this occasion my father turned to me and said “ Look out of the window . What do you immediately think of when you see the landscape? “ I was a good artist , pouring 8 to 9 hours at a time into one piece of art , trying to correct all of my mistakes. So , naturally I told him that I imagined the entire field view as a painting . To my reply , he said “ I am a electrical engineer and now I do software for a living . When I look outside , I only see the railway tracks , stop lights and whatnot . I think about the way that they might have been built and how they work. That is my world . “ 
It struck me , at the point , that different people view the world in different ways but no one’s way is right or wrong . We humans , as great as we may consider ourselves to be , create circumstances which defines the good and the bad , by a majority . What we don’t seem to understand is that what is beneficial to us may harm others . Basically , what is good is us may be bad for others .

We care so much about our loved ones , but corrupt at the same time in the name of protecting those who we care for . We kill and hate , love and cherish , care and care not , because the human mind works differently for everyone and most of us are incapable of understanding our own mind , let alone others. 

As long as there is peace , love and happiness , there will always be war, hatred and sorrow . I guess its not in our hands to change the circle of life . Its always a vortex .

